Note, for simplification, one pip is defined as a single filled in arrow to the 
      left of a launcher.

Test Launcher Icon with Windows in multiple workspaces
------------------------------------------------------
This test shows how the launcher should draw when there are application windows
in multiple workspaces.

#. Start on a fresh login
#. Run an application
#. Run another instance (window) of this application and keep it on the initial workspace
#. Run another instance (window) of this application and move it to another workspace
#. Go back to the initial workspace

Outcome
  The Launcher icon "pips" (indicators) should reflect the number of windows in the
  current workspace, so when showing the "initial" workspace the launcher icon should
  have 2 "pips", when moving to the second workspace (where there's only 1 window)
  the launcher application icon should have a left filled arrow.
  When moving to a workspace where there are no windows, the launcher icon should
  use an empty (non filled) arrow as left indicator (despite the number of opened windows).


Test Launcher Spread with Windows in multiple workspaces
--------------------------------------------------------
This test shows how the launcher should spread the windows when they are in
multiple workspaces.

#. Start on a fresh login
#. Run an application
#. Run another instance of this application and keep it on the initial workspace
#. Run another instance of this application and move it no another workspaces
#. Go back to the initial workspace and focus the application windows

Outcome
  When in the current workspace there are multiple windows of the same
  application and one of them is focused, clicking on the launcher should spread
  only the windows that are in the current workspace.
  If in the current workspace there is just one window, clicking on the launcher
  icon should only focus it and nothing else (also with multiple clicks).
  When moving to a workspace where there are no window o the given application,
  clicking on its launcher icon should bring to focus the last focused window
  in the last used workspace.
